There’s been a long-term human interest
or fascination in building machines that look
and act like we do. Back in the 18th and 19th
centuries, people were building machines that
they called Automata, and some examples of
them are shown here. Essentially, they’re
very ingenious, clock-work machines filled
with gears and cams and so on.
The example the writer draftsman shown here
on the right hand side, was able to perform
very, very elaborate drawings. An example
here, a drawing of a sheep is shown. An earlier
and very famous example of machines of this
class is the digesting duck and once again
it is a clock-work machine. What you’d do
with this duck is you would feed it with small
pellets which it would appear to eat and they
would pass through the digestive tracts of
the duck and be eventually excreted.
They’re able to build a machine that appeared
to be life-like, it would eat and it would
excrete. Two of the important functions of
something that is alive. At that time, this
was considered quite wonderful, an example
of technological progress, how they were able
to build machines that were very, very life-like.
Of course by today’s standards, it looks
very, very primitive but at that time, it
was an amazing achievement.
Now, the gentleman who designed this, Vaucanson,
went on to do some more useful things. He
got involved in automating the process of
silk weaving. The technology of weaving was
advanced further by Jacquard and he introduced
the innovation of controlling the weave pattern
by means of a series of punched wooden cards.
So, this was a form of automated machine and
it was programmable. The pattern that came
out depended on the patterns of holes punched
in those wooden cards.
The notion of punch card control was picked
up by Charles Babbage, when he was conceiving
a mechanical computing engine in the late
1800s. At that time he didn't have the technology
to actually build this machine but he introduced
the really important notion of a general-purpose
computing engine and the computation that
it performed is dictated by a program. In
his case, input on punched cards.
The ideas embodied in this machine influenced
later electronic computing devices. For an
instance, the ENIAC Computer that was built
during World War II and from that machine,
we can trace a lineage to the computers we
use every day, in our laptops and in our mobile
phones, and computers of course, are a critical
component of robot systems that we build today.
We can perhaps think of a robot as a computer
that can do things to the physical world.
The other really important innovation that
led to robotics as we know them today is this
work that was done after World War II at the
Argonne National Laboratory in the United
States. In there, they were faced by a problem
of assembling nuclear weapons. This required
them to handle, to manipulate pieces of material
that were radioactive. This was a task that
couldn't be undertaken by human beings because
it would injure or kill the people who did
that work. We needed to have machines to handle
that material instead but the problem was
that we need a lot of skill and intelligence
in order to manipulate this radioactive material,
so, they came up with a concept called teleoperation.
The people in white coats are sitting with
what are called the master manipulator arms
so they would grab those arms with their hands
and they would move them. The arms over here
are referred to as the slave arms. They move
in such a way as to mimic the motion of the
master arm. So, the people who were doing
the assembly work and controlling the master
arms, the slave arms are in a remote room
performing work on the radioactive material.
Video of what’s going on in the radioactive
room is transmitted back to the people doing
the work with the master arm so they can see
what’s happening on a TV monitor. They move
the master arms, the slave arms move in synchronism
and perform the task remotely. This is a technique
called teleoperation. It’s not really robotic.
In some ways, you can think of it as a very-sophisticated,
remote-controlled technology. It was really
important to achieve this specific task at
the Argonne National Laboratory.
This technology is an important precursor
to modern manufacturing robots. What we do
is we cut the wire between the master arm
and the slave arm and instead of the master
arm sending the commands to the slave arm,
we put a computer there instead. So, the computer
is sending commands to the slave arm which
is going to move in accordance to the signals
coming out of the computer. Of course, the
computer is an infinitely reprogrammable device
so therefore we can make the slave arm do
anything that we like at all and now, there
are no longer any human beings involved. We've
created a robot.
And perhaps the person that this idea first
occurred to is George Devol, the gentleman shown
here, a prolific American inventor who died
only recently. He had the idea of creating
what he called universal automation which
was contracted to Unimation. That was the
name of the company that he founded in 1956
with Joseph Engelberger. They founded the
company to produce industrial robots that
would eventually go to work in General Motors
plants. The first of their robots which was
installed in 1961 is shown here. What this
robot did was to unload castings from a die-casting
machine.
This was the start of the revolution of robots
working in the manufacturing industry. Unimation,
Inc. was the first company to build manufacturing
robots. They were the pioneers. They’re
no longer in business and today, there are
many, many companies that build manufacturing
robots, but most of them can trace their ancestry,
their ideas or perhaps even the people back
to this little company founded in 1956 in
Connecticut in the United States.